(1) What the git revert command does and an example of its use.
This command creates a new commit that undoes the changes made in another commit. 
This is called a "recovery" operation.
$ git revert HASH-CODE
or 
$ git revert -m 1
The -m 1 option specifies which parent is the "main branch" and should be saved.

(2) What command can I use to change the last commit?
You can change the comment to the last commit with the command:
$ git commit --amend -m "new comment"
or
$ git commit --amend
This command will launch the commit comment editor

(3) What does the git remote rm origin command do?
Deletes the connection to the remote repository.

(4) In what cases does MERGE CONFLICT occur?
If the same part of the same file was changed differently
in two merged branches.
A conflict may be caused due to different whitespace characters (the text may be
identical, but additional spaces may or may not be present in one of the variants).
If there are a lot of conflicts due to spaces,
then you can enable the -Ignore-all-space or -Ignore-space-change options.
The first option ignores changes in any number of existing
whitespace characters, the second ignores all changes in whitespace characters at all.

(5) How can I see the differences between branches?
Using the commands:
$ git diff branch1 branch2
$ git diff branch1..branch2
Or you can compare the current one with another
$ git diff otherBranch  

(6) What is the command to delete the local and remote branches?
1. The local branch can be deleted using the command:
$ git branch -d branchName
$ git branch -D branchName
The -D option stands for --delete --force, which deletes 
a branch regardless of its push or merge status.
2. A remote branch can be deleted using the command:
$ git push origin --delete branchName
or
$ git push origin :branchName

(7) How to make a file untraceable (untracked)?
1.You can add it to the file.gitignore template with its full name:
For example: filename.ext
2. Or, if necessary, delete this file from the index using the command:
$ git rm --cached filename.ext
